Dear All,
      I am Mao Chen, candidate of Design Engineer position, please spend a little bit time reading this. Because there is very nice idea. Thanks very much.
      Every moment I have in the interview is very nice and comfortable. Manager Ko He spoke very politely and equally, gave me many hints generously to solve the  cool questions, I learned a lot within such short time. Dear Madhusudhan, also thanks for picking me up and give me very nice description about this job. Thanks to Evan Song that let me forget that I am having an interview, instead, have a interesting chat with an old friend. Thanks all, with your leadership, the team must be equal, cooperative, energetic.
      Please be a little more patient to read the content below, I think it is very useful for the employment.
     As Evan Song told me, this time, many candidates show nice ability to solve problems and you seem to be hard to choose the candidate for the second rount. As Evan guess, maybe they already know the questions before. Due to the short time in the interview, something is call lucky, unequal. 
     I have a suggestion that why don't we change the way to interview which is more equal and efficient. I also feel the time too short to show my skill and personality. Firstly, I feel good in the interview but more things not reflected from that.
     I suggest could you give me a chance to do a presentation, more objectively, more specificly, allowing you to have an overall understanding of my knowledge structure and personal ambition. I even can use three languages to present it. Madhusudhan seems to be interested in FSM, debugging, Manager FSM and FIFO, Evan personality.   I can do some topics upon these. Actually, I have done much research on debugging of verilog and other parts. I hope you can give me a chance to show you my specialty and it must be a great decision that you never regret.
     Thanks, all of your effort to guide me in the interview and I hope I can also pay back and provide an unbelievable presentation to you all.


      